NGINXaaS for GCP: add Nginx Plus 37 upgrade notes in changelog (#2183)
nginx/documentation: content/nginxaas/google/changelog.md

- HTTP/1.1 is now the default protocol for connecting to proxy or upstream servers.
- Keepalive connections between NGINX and upstream servers are enabled by default.
- Upstream shared memory zone requires an additional 1KB of memory per upstream server.

> See the [NGINX Plus Release 37.0]({{< ref "/nginx/releases/#pls.37.0.4" >}}) Upgrade Notes for upgrade instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [NGINX Plus Release 37.0]({{< ref "/nginx/releases/#pls.37.0.4" >}}) release notes for details around NGINX Plus behavioral changes.
```

Maybe something along these lines^^

Author: Are the following two sentences somewhat duplicative because both direct users to the NGINX Plus 37.0 release notes?

> Please review the [NGINX Plus Release 37.0]({{< ref "/nginx/releases/" >}}) release notes carefully.

> See the [NGINX Plus Release 37.0]({{< ref "/nginx/releases/#pls.37.0.4" >}}) release notes for details about NGINX Plus behavioral changes.

How about 

> NGINXaaS for Google Cloud deployments have been automatically upgraded to NGINX Plus 37.0 (PLS.37.0). Please review the [NGINX Plus Release 37.0]({{< ref "/nginx/releases/#pls.37.0.4" >}}) Release Notes carefully for details about NGINX Plus behavioral changes.
> 
> Please note the following changes:
> 
> - HTTP/1.1 is now the default protocol for connections to proxy or upstream servers.
> - Keepalive connections between NGINX and upstream servers are enabled by default.
> - Upstream shared memory zones now require an additional 1 KB of memory per upstream server.

Reviewer: that sounds good. make sure you to link to the upstream release doc around the changes.

Author: Done
